OSDOCS-9612: Added instructions for the additional security groups tag for ROSA with HCP clusters (#72838)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-hcp-sts-creating-a-cluster-cli.adoc

//REGION="<region>"
//----

. The following command creates your {hcp-title} cluster.
+
[NOTE]
====
When creating a {hcp-title} cluster, the default machine Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) is `10.0.0.0/16`. If this does not correspond to the CIDR range for your VPC subnets, add `--machine-cidr <address_block>` to the following commands. To learn more about the default CIDR ranges for {product-title}, see xref:../networking/cidr-range-definitions.adoc#cidr-range-definitions[CIDR range definitions].
====
+
--
[source,terminal]
----
$ rosa create cluster --cluster-name=<cluster_name> \ <.>
    --mode=auto --hosted-cp [--private] \ <.> 
    --operator-roles-prefix <operator-role-prefix> \ <.>

>     --oidc-config-id <id-of-oidc-configuration> --subnet-ids=<public-subnet-id>,<private-subnet-id>

Reviewer: Is there a step or prerequisite show to customer about how to create `--oidc-config-id <id-of-oidc-configuration>` ?

Author: Does this section not work for that? https://file.rdu.redhat.com/eponvell/OSDOCS-9612_Additional-Security-Groups-ROSA-HCP/rosa_hcp/rosa-hcp-sts-creating-a-cluster-quickly.html#rosa-sts-byo-oidc_rosa-hcp-sts-creating-a-cluster-quickly

>     --oidc-config-id <id-of-oidc-configuration> --subnet-ids=<public-subnet-id>,<private-subnet-id>

Reviewer 2: Is this correct? I see a --private flag but the --subnet-ids have public-subnet-id

Reviewer: How about wrap `--subnet-ids=<public-subnet-id>,<private-subnet-id>` into a new line?

Author: @bchandra-ocp @xueli181114 
How about this?
![image](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/16167833/48c1fc98-0f78-43b2-ae1d-7eb4a42a9342)

----

> <.> Specify the name of your cluster, ensuring that the name is not longer than 15 characters.

Reviewer 2: I'm curious why mention the limit of 15 characters alone. To be comprehensive, you must say what are the rules for cluster -name. For example:

> Cluster name must consist of no more than 15 lowercase alphanumeric characters or '-', start with a letter, and end with an alphanumeric character.

> <.> Optional: The `--private` argument is used to create private {hcp-title} clusters. If you use this argument, ensure that you only use your private subnet ID for `--subnet-ids`.

Reviewer 2: Here you say when you provide --private, use only private Subnet ID

<.> By default, the cluster-specific Operator role names are prefixed with the cluster name and a random 4-digit hash. You can optionally specify a custom prefix to replace `<cluster_name>-<hash>` in the role names. The prefix is applied when you create the cluster-specific Operator IAM roles. For information about the prefix, see _About custom Operator IAM role prefixes_.
+
[NOTE]
====
If you specified custom ARN paths when you created the associated account-wide roles, the custom path is automatically detected. The custom path is applied to the cluster-specific Operator roles when you create them in a later step.
====
--

. If you set the environmental variables, create a cluster with a single, initial machine pool, using either a publicly or privately available API, and publicly or privately available Ingress by running the following commands:

.. For a private cluster, run:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ rosa create cluster --private --cluster-name=<cluster_name> --sts --mode=auto --hosted-cp --operator-roles-prefix=$OPERATOR_ROLES_PREFIX --oidc-config-id=$ODIC_CONFIG --subnet-ids=$SUBNET_IDS

Reviewer 2: Do we need --sts in these commands? Isn't that the default? Is it possible to create HCP cluster non-sts?

> $ rosa create cluster --private --cluster-name=<cluster_name> --mode=auto --hosted-cp --operator-roles-prefix=$OPERATOR_ROLES_PREFIX --oidc-config-id=$ODIC_CONFIG --subnet-ids=$SUBNET_IDS

Reviewer: Can we wrap these flags to make it more readable?

//REGION="<region>"
//----

> . You can create your {hcp-title} cluster with one of the following commands.

Reviewer 3: @EricPonvelle I'm confused as to why you are making this change. The structure of the [current docs](https://docs.openshift.com/rosa/rosa_hcp/rosa-hcp-sts-creating-a-cluster-quickly.html#rosa-hcp-sts-creating-a-cluster-cli_rosa-hcp-sts-creating-a-cluster-quickly) seems right to me.

> . The following command creates your {hcp-title} cluster.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Use the following command to create your {hcp-title} cluster:
```

    --operator-roles-prefix <operator-role-prefix> \ <.>
    --oidc-config-id <id-of-oidc-configuration> \ 
    --subnet-ids=<public-subnet-id>,<private-subnet-id>
----
<.> Specify the name of your cluster, ensuring that the cluster name consists of no more than 15 lowercase alphanumeric characters or '-', starts with a letter, and ends with an alphanumeric character.
<.> Optional: The `--private` argument is used to create private {hcp-title} clusters. If you use this argument, ensure that you only use your private subnet ID for `--subnet-ids`.
<.> By default, the cluster-specific Operator role names are prefixed with the cluster name and a random 4-digit hash. You can optionally specify a custom prefix to replace `<cluster_name>-<hash>` in the role names. The prefix is applied when you create the cluster-specific Operator IAM roles. For information about the prefix, see _About custom Operator IAM role prefixes_.
+
[NOTE]
====
If you specified custom ARN paths when you created the associated account-wide roles, the custom path is automatically detected. The custom path is applied to the cluster-specific Operator roles when you create them in a later step.
====
--

> . If you set the environmental variables, create a cluster with a single, initial machine pool, using either a publicly or privately available API, and publicly or privately available Ingress by running the following commands:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
. If you set environmental variables, create a cluster with a single, initial machine pool, a publicly available API, and a publicly available Ingress by running the following command:
```

> .. For a private cluster, run:

Reviewer 4: . If you set the environmental variables, create a cluster with a single, initial machine pool, a privately available API, and a privately available Ingress by running the following command:
